androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
expo/modules/filesystem/R.java
 expo.modules.filesystem.R
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$attr
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$color
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$dimen
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$drawable
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$id
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$integer
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$layout
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$string
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$style
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$styleable
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/kinujo/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.kinujo.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.kinujo.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.kinujo.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.kinujo.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/camera/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.camera.R
com/facebook/fresco/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.soloader.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/fresco/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$styleable
expo/modules/constants/R.java
 expo.modules.constants.R
com/reactnativecommunity/rnpermissions/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.rnpermissions.R$xml
org/unimodules/interfaces/taskManager/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.taskManager.R
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/horcrux/svg/R.java
 com.horcrux.svg.R
 com.horcrux.svg.R$anim
 com.horcrux.svg.R$attr
 com.horcrux.svg.R$bool
 com.horcrux.svg.R$color
 com.horcrux.svg.R$dimen
 com.horcrux.svg.R$drawable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$id
 com.horcrux.svg.R$integer
 com.horcrux.svg.R$layout
 com.horcrux.svg.R$string
 com.horcrux.svg.R$style
 com.horcrux.svg.R$styleable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/flags/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.flags.R
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
com/example/kinujo/R.java
 com.example.kinujo.R
 com.example.kinujo.R$anim
 com.example.kinujo.R$animator
 com.example.kinujo.R$attr
 com.example.kinujo.R$bool
 com.example.kinujo.R$color
 com.example.kinujo.R$dimen
 com.example.kinujo.R$drawable
 com.example.kinujo.R$id
 com.example.kinujo.R$integer
 com.example.kinujo.R$interpolator
 com.example.kinujo.R$layout
 com.example.kinujo.R$mipmap
 com.example.kinujo.R$plurals
 com.example.kinujo.R$raw
 com.example.kinujo.R$string
 com.example.kinujo.R$style
 com.example.kinujo.R$styleable
 com.example.kinujo.R$xml
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
expo/modules/splashscreen/R.java
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$anim
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$attr
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$bool
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$color
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$dimen
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$drawable
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$id
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$integer
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$interpolator
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$layout
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$string
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$style
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$styleable
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$xml
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$bool
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
com/example/kinujo/MainApplication.java
 com.example.kinujo.MainApplication
 com.example.kinujo.MainApplication$1
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/nativememory/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R
expo/modules/lineargradient/R.java
 expo.modules.lineargradient.R
org/unimodules/apploader/R.java
 org.unimodules.apploader.R
com/imagepicker/R.java
 com.imagepicker.R
 com.imagepicker.R$anim
 com.imagepicker.R$attr
 com.imagepicker.R$bool
 com.imagepicker.R$color
 com.imagepicker.R$dimen
 com.imagepicker.R$drawable
 com.imagepicker.R$id
 com.imagepicker.R$integer
 com.imagepicker.R$layout
 com.imagepicker.R$string
 com.imagepicker.R$style
 com.imagepicker.R$styleable
 com.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
org/unimodules/core/R.java
 org.unimodules.core.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/imageloader/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.imageloader.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
expo/modules/permissions/R.java
 expo.modules.permissions.R
 expo.modules.permissions.R$anim
 expo.modules.permissions.R$attr
 expo.modules.permissions.R$bool
 expo.modules.permissions.R$color
 expo.modules.permissions.R$dimen
 expo.modules.permissions.R$drawable
 expo.modules.permissions.R$id
 expo.modules.permissions.R$integer
 expo.modules.permissions.R$layout
 expo.modules.permissions.R$string
 expo.modules.permissions.R$style
 expo.modules.permissions.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.R
 com.facebook.flipper.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/network/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/ui/common/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.ui.common.R
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/google/firebase/storage/R.java
 com.google.firebase.storage.R
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$color
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$id
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$string
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$style
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$styleable
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/permissions/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.permissions.R
com/google/firebase/dynamiclinks/R.java
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R
expo/modules/errorrecovery/R.java
 expo.modules.errorrecovery.R
expo/modules/sqlite/R.java
 expo.modules.sqlite.R
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
io/invertase/firebase/firestore/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.firestore.R$xml
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
com/google/android/gms/vision_common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision_common.R
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/google/android/gms/phenotype/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.phenotype.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/ashmem/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
io/invertase/firebase/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.R
 io.invertase.firebase.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$xml
org/unimodules/interfaces/font/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.font.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/reactnativecommunity/picker/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/stetho/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$styleable
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/common/middleware/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.common.middleware.R
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/constants/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.constants.R
org/reactnative/maskedview/R.java
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$anim
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$attr
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$bool
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$color
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$id
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$integer
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$layout
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$string
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$style
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$xml
org/reactnative/camera/R.java
 org.reactnative.camera.R
 org.reactnative.camera.R$anim
 org.reactnative.camera.R$attr
 org.reactnative.camera.R$bool
 org.reactnative.camera.R$color
 org.reactnative.camera.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.camera.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.camera.R$id
 org.reactnative.camera.R$integer
 org.reactnative.camera.R$layout
 org.reactnative.camera.R$string
 org.reactnative.camera.R$style
 org.reactnative.camera.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.camera.R$xml
io/invertase/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.auth.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/simple/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R
com/example/kinujo/generated/BasePackageList.java
 com.example.kinujo.generated.BasePackageList
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/reactnativerestart/R.java
 com.reactnativerestart.R
 com.reactnativerestart.R$anim
 com.reactnativerestart.R$attr
 com.reactnativerestart.R$bool
 com.reactnativerestart.R$color
 com.reactnativerestart.R$dimen
 com.reactnativerestart.R$drawable
 com.reactnativerestart.R$id
 com.reactnativerestart.R$integer
 com.reactnativerestart.R$layout
 com.reactnativerestart.R$string
 com.reactnativerestart.R$style
 com.reactnativerestart.R$styleable
 com.reactnativerestart.R$xml
com/example/kinujo/MainActivity.java
 com.example.kinujo.MainActivity
 com.example.kinujo.MainActivity$1
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
io/invertase/firebase/dynamiclinks/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$xml
org/unimodules/interfaces/filesystem/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.filesystem.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.R
com/RNFetchBlob/R.java
 com.RNFetchBlob.R
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$anim
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$attr
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$bool
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$color
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$dimen
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$drawable
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$id
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$integer
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$layout
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$string
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$style
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$styleable
 com.RNFetchBlob.R$xml
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
expo/modules/imageloader/R.java
 expo.modules.imageloader.R
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$attr
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$bool
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$color
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$dimen
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$drawable
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$id
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$integer
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$layout
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$string
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$style
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/reactnativecommunity/asyncstorage/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$xml
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
io/nlopez/smartlocation/R.java
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$attr
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$color
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$drawable
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$id
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$integer
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$string
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$styleable
expo/modules/font/R.java
 expo.modules.font.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
com/reactcommunity/rnlocalize/R.java
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$anim
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$attr
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$bool
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$color
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$dimen
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$drawable
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$id
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$integer
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$layout
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$string
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$style
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$styleable
 com.reactcommunity.rnlocalize.R$xml
com/example/kinujo/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kinujo.BuildConfig
expo/modules/keepawake/R.java
 expo.modules.keepawake.R
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$styleable
expo/modules/location/R.java
 expo.modules.location.R
 expo.modules.location.R$attr
 expo.modules.location.R$color
 expo.modules.location.R$dimen
 expo.modules.location.R$drawable
 expo.modules.location.R$id
 expo.modules.location.R$integer
 expo.modules.location.R$layout
 expo.modules.location.R$string
 expo.modules.location.R$style
 expo.modules.location.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/reactnativecommunity/viewpager/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.viewpager.R$xml
io/invertase/firebase/storage/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.storage.R$xml
expo/modules/localization/R.java
 expo.modules.localization.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
org/unimodules/adapters/react/R.java
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$anim
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$attr
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$bool
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$color
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$dimen
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$drawable
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$id
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$integer
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$layout
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$string
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$style
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$styleable
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
 androidx.room.R$attr
 androidx.room.R$color
 androidx.room.R$dimen
 androidx.room.R$drawable
 androidx.room.R$id
 androidx.room.R$integer
 androidx.room.R$layout
 androidx.room.R$string
 androidx.room.R$style
 androidx.room.R$styleable
com/facebook/hermes/R.java
 com.facebook.hermes.R
expo/modules/updates/R.java
 expo.modules.updates.R
 expo.modules.updates.R$anim
 expo.modules.updates.R$attr
 expo.modules.updates.R$bool
 expo.modules.updates.R$color
 expo.modules.updates.R$dimen
 expo.modules.updates.R$drawable
 expo.modules.updates.R$id
 expo.modules.updates.R$integer
 expo.modules.updates.R$layout
 expo.modules.updates.R$string
 expo.modules.updates.R$style
 expo.modules.updates.R$styleable
 expo.modules.updates.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/vision/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.R
com/google/android/gms/clearcut/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.clearcut.R
